Add constant `MEDIA_SETTINGS_KEY` to media (#2014)
Uninett/Argus: docs/integrations/notifications/writing-notification-plugins.rst

   and sweet. So for example ``"Email"``, ``"SMS"`` or ``"MS Teams"``.

MEDIA_SLUG
   The media slug is the slugified version of that, so the name simplified to
   only contain lowercase letters, numbers, underscores and hyphens. Always
   have it start with a letter, a-z. For example ``"email"``, ``"sms"`` or
   ``"msteams"``.

MEDIA_JSON_SCHEMA
   The media `json schema <https://json-schema.org/>`_ is a representation of
   how a destination that will be used by this notification plugin should look
   like, so that it is possible to autogenerate a form with JavaScript. It will
   be accessible via the API. Such a destination should include all necessary
   information that is needed to send notifications with your notification
   plugin. In case of SMS that is a phone number or for MS Teams a webhook.

MEDIA_SETTINGS_KEY
   The media settings key is the name of the most important key in the settings
   JSON field. It is used to cut down on the amount of code you need to write
   if there is only one piece of config you need to send the notification.
   Among other things, it is used to check for duplicate entries, so in a way

>    it acts as the primary key for your plugin. For that reason, it must be

Reviewer: Reword. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
   it acts as storage for the value of the primary key for a destination plugin. For that reason, it must be
```

Reviewer: .. and does this render as a DL-list?

Author: Yes, you can have a look here: https://argus-server--2014.org.readthedocs.build/en/2014/integrations/notifications/writing-notification-plugins.html?readthedocs-diff=true&readthedocs-diff-chunk=1
